blueprints: add default Password policy (#11793)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/customize/policies/index.md

### Password Policy

:::warning

> This policy enables options that violate [NIST's recommendations](https://pages.nist.gov/800-63-4/sp800-63b.html#password) for passwords. To comply with the recommendations, use authentik's default Password policy. See [Hardening authentik](../../security/security-hardening.md#password-policy) for additional hardening.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, authentik's Password policy is compliant with [NIST's recommendations](https://pages.nist.gov/800-63-4/sp800-63b.html#password) for passwords. To remain compliant with NIST, be cautious when editing the default values. For additional hardening configuration settings, refer to [Hardening authentik](../../security/security-hardening.md#password-policy).
```
